c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\LineLiveIF.dll
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\MirrativIF.dll
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\NicoLiveIF.dll
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\OpenrecIF.dll
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\PeriscopeIF.dll
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\Plugin.dll
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\SitePlugin.dll
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\TwicasIF.dll
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\TwitchIF.dll
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\WhowatchIF.dll
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\YouTubeLiveIF.dll
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\BrowserCookieInterfaces.dll
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\LineLiveIF.pdb
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\MirrativIF.pdb
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\NicoLiveIF.pdb
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\OpenrecIF.pdb
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\PeriscopeIF.pdb
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\Plugin.pdb
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\SitePlugin.pdb
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\TwicasIF.pdb
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\TwitchIF.pdb
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\WhowatchIF.pdb
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\YouTubeLiveIF.pdb
c:\users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\BrowserCookieInterfaces.pdb
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\MCV_VCasPlugin.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\MCV_VCasPlugin.pdb
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\obj\Debug\MCV_VCasPlugin.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\obj\Debug\MCV_VCasPlugin.pdb
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\obj\Debug\UserControl1.g.cs
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\obj\Debug\MCV_VCasPlugin_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\obj\Debug\MCV_VCasPlugin_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\obj\Debug\UserControl1.baml
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\obj\Debug\MCV_VCasPlugin.g.resources
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\ShowRoomIF.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\ShowRoomSitePlugin.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\Common.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\SitePluginCommon.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.ClientEngine.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\ShowRoomIF.pdb
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\ShowRoomSitePlugin.pdb
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\SitePluginCommon.pdb
C:\Users\ti\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\MCV_Plugin_forVCas\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
